= padrino-localization

The gem that allows to localize your application.

== Usage

* First install the gem

  With Bundle

    #Gemfile
    gem "padrino-localization"

    #irb
    bundle install

  or with gem

    gem install padrino-localization

* Next, register it in your application

    class UfoSeti < Padrino::Application
      ...
      register Padrion::Localization
      ...
    end

* And that's it. Now I18n.locale will be dependent on the url. You can also predefine the default locale like that: I18n.default_locale = "de"

_NB! Currently your '/' handler should start with `halt_page_if_locale_not_matching`. Hopefully that will be fixed soon._

    YourApp.controller do
      get :index do
        halt_page_if_locale_not_matching
        t "main.welcome"
      end
    end

== Contributing to padrino-localization
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 kot-begemot. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

